Add note on domain being capitalization sensitive (#22756)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/domain-joined.mdx

3. Select **Domain Joined**.
4. Enter a descriptive name for the check.
5. Select your operating system.

> 6. Enter the domain you want to check for, such as `example.com`. **NOTE:** The domain field is capitalization sensitive (IE if your domain is example.com, entering Example.com will fail the posture check)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Enter the domain you want to check for, such as `example.com`.
    :::note
    The **Domain** field is case-sensitive. If your domain is `example.com`, entering `Example.com` will fail the posture check.
    :::
```
